Added initial video transcriptions for PO articles (#96)
InnerSourceCommons/InnerSourceLearningPath: product-owner/05-recap-takeaways-article.md

Just to wrap up what we talked about in this video, I'd like to do a quick review. First of all, be kind. Middle management is tough. Also, going into some of the key benefits that we talked about. We talked about many different ways in regards to how InnerSource helps remove bottlenecks. We also talked about how you can obtain more responsibility and get more control over being a middle manager. 

Also, you get to collaborate more with your peers to accomplish more with less, so that you can actually deal with those redundancies. The open processes also means that you get more credit for your work than you were probably getting previously. By going through and publishing those planning processes, it also means that you can deal with less politics, because everything becomes so much more clear. 

> And lastly, you've got those new roles and responsibilities, such as supporting your new trusted committees. They're really going to need your help. Also, working with those other product owners so that you can both get more of your work done in a faster time frame. Going to have to [? spend ?] a lot of time in regards to the new documentation, but that's OK, because you're going to get more credit for it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And lastly, you've got those new roles and responsibilities, such as supporting your new trusted committers. They're really going to need your help. Also, working with those other product owners so that you can both get more of your work done in a faster time frame. Going to have to sink a lot of time in regards to the new documentation, but that's OK, because you're going to get more credit for it. 
```
